Update the game over message (#2)
johnlowranceNP/skills-review-pull-requests: README.md

</header>

<!--

>   <<< Author notes: Course start >>>

Author: edit

  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 5: Apply suggested changes

_Nicely done suggesting changes! :partying_face:_

> Now let's see how easy it is to [apply your suggestion](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request).

Author: ```suggestion
Now let's see how incredibly difficult it is to [apply your suggestion](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request).
```

</header>

<!--

>   <<< Author notes: Step 3 >>>

Author: edit

  Include start button, a note about Actions minutes,
  and tell the learner why they should take the course.
  <<< Author notes: Step 3 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  Historic note: this step combines the commend, approve, and needs changes steps from the previous version.
-->

## Welcome
## Step 3: Leave a review

All great projects start with collaboration. Pull requests are the foundation of teamwork on GitHub — and pull request reviews give you the ability to work together and discuss changes specific to a pull request by commenting, requesting changes, or approving.
_You assigned yourself! :tada:_

> - **Who is this for**: Developers, new GitHub users, users new to Git, students, managers, teams.

Author: edit
